
"Hmm..." she wipes her face. "Well, no matter. You're here now, and you will
have to deal with the consequences. But for now, it's good to meet you! My name
is Chamoy. Welcome to the Tripgor Family Nest."

She stands up, an operation that sounds and looks like grand boulders grinding
into a new position. She holds her bulk low on two powerful legs. Her
lightening hair and age belies the metal power coiled in her form. She extends
a meaty arm to you for a handshake. You reach, and she daintily grasps your
hand, as if she were holding a teacup.

***

"Well, friend, you intruded on my family's peace and quiet. You'd be surprised
how often this happens, and how little you humans seem to care. We can't run a
household this way. And so, we have had to apply some serious rules to
disincentivise projectile humans like you."

You gulp, still sore from your crash landing and silently cursing the trust you
placed in the catapult technician.

***

"As of now," she says, while casually cleaning an ear with a thick finger,
"your life is forfeit. You left your human lands and arrived here in the
Gorilla Nation. Here, our law applies. Our law states that if someone invades a
nest, whatever the homeowners decide to do goes." She pauses here, checking to
see how you take this. You keep still and try to avoid reacting.

"However," she quips, "we are not unreasonable, here in the Tripgor family.
We're a light-hearted bunch!" She grins widely here, a terrifying sight that
reveals her fangs. "Despite the damage you have caused, our house rule is to
allow intruders to win their freedom... but you need to earn it. If you can
convince each one of my family members, well, then that's a good enough
endorsement for me."

***

Chamoy leans closer to you, and the swiftness of her movement startles you.
"How to convince them, you ask?"

"Simple! Follow our favourite pastime! Negotiate with us! If you can earn a key
from everyone in formal negotiation, you can head back to your normal life, no
harm, no foul."

"What do you say? Sounds like fun, right?"
