Just as you step into the family room again, a rolling rumble fills the air. You
start, but it quiets down and before emerging again. And again. And again. You
quickly pinpoint the source of the noise.

***

Chamoy is still in her armchair, but she has fallen asleep, her magazine
slipping off her belly. She is snoring.

You tiptoe through the room and on to the hallway on the other side. Again, you
see more framed photos of the family, and a clutch of tulips in a vase. Toward
the end of the hallway is another door, parallel to Porridge's. This one has a
cleanly etched name on it: "Rhubarb."

***

The door is slightly ajar, and you knock lightly and poke your head around. The
room is a studied contrast to Porridge's. When you step inside, you are greeted
with an explosion of scent. At first glance, the room seems like an indoor
forest, but it's far more organised than that.

The walls to the left and right have neat, white wooden shelves which are
filled to the limit with plant cuttings. Some are wrapped with twine in
bundles, some are living in small pots, but each one is labeled, catalogued,
and placed precisely.

***

After you take all this in, you notice the gorilla in the back of the room. She
is far larger than Porridge, looming behind a tiny, but delicately arranged
small desk. She has a pen in hand and appears to be making a sketch of a sprig
of rosemary. This must be Rhubarb, Porridge's mother and (presumably) Chamoy's
daughter. And indeed, she shares a nose shape with both of them. She has a
dignified, magisterial air. More serious than Porridge, less relaxed than
Chamoy.

***

Rhubarb takes off her glasses and sighs, rubbing her temples. You're the latest
intruder, then?" she asks.

You nod, and then feel absurd for agreeing to name yourself an intruder, when
it's the catapult technician's fault you are here anyway.

***

"Alright. I don't know why Mother persists in playing these games. I would
rather just do away with you all and send the message loud and clear that we
won't stand for this home invasion. It would waste far less time. But oh, what
do I know? I only keep this nest functioning." She sighs again, a heavy, deep
affair, and gestures to the seat across from her.

"Well," she says, "let's get this over with. What do you have for me?"

***
