You have a couple of frenzied moments to consider whether this was all worth it:
venturing out of your town, crossing the Divine Mine, breaking into
this particular House.

Where you come from, the Land of the Spirits was a world apart, a place that
would bear no incursion from any mortal human. And the worst stories to scare
away children and rebellious teenagers all revolved around the Healing House of
Lepha.

***

You had heard from the spiritlings that sometimes came to trade with humankind
of Lepha. Lepha was a sort of jailor-therapist of the spirits, powerful and
revered for her restrictive healing techniques.

She knew the workings of the spirit soul, and she took her job as healer
seriously. Those who came to her had to give up all their freedoms while
subject to her ministrations. Their freedom, their desires were secondary
until she deemed them healthy.

***

It is testament to her ability that despite these limits, the spirits still
held her in the highest esteem. The most antisocial, most impulsive spirits
went to her to help them tame their worst excesses, and the world was --
supposedly -- better for it.

***

However! For her pharmacological work, Lepha was known to keep a Pantry of
items -- medicines, tools, and objects of inspiration -- that were each useful
for particular spirit ailments. To anyone else, however, these would be relics
of the highest order and power.

***

In the two hundred years since your people were pushed to make a home in the
fetid swamp on the far side of the Divine Mine, these stories grew stronger and
stronger. The spirits Lepha treated (imprisoned?) seemed more varied, and
Lepha's great Pantry more valuable.

And just as Lepha's reputation grew, so did the desperation of your town.

***

Your people had nothing to trade, no resources to harvest, barely any fertile
earth in which to plant. Any attempt at change would waste a generation of the
town's youth in the effort, always fruitlessly. The spirits held all of you in
one place, with no chance to better yourselves.

As your personal situation worsened, the tales you had heard in your youth of
Lepha's power, and particularly of her hold on the other spirits, kept coming
to the fore. Getting your hands on even one of her objects (or more!) could
mean salvation. Still, it might demand the ultimate sacrifice; Lepha was not
one to suffer fools lightly.

***

And so it was that in the dawn morning of your forty-first year, you set off
for the Healing House of Lepha, with your own tricks and flimsy plan hanging
by a string. You had never met a true spirit before. But it didn't matter. It
was do or die. And you were -- are -- a doer.

Thus wound the path that led you to this moment, hiding in a box, as the great
spirit Lepha stared you down, fury firing in her nostrils.

***

Before you have much time to regret your choice, Lepha leaps across the room,
landing just before the box you are in. You can see her massive legs through
the cracks, and you can hear her breathe.

"Who are you, maggot human," she asks with a voice like a great crash of waves,
"who dares enter my home? I haven't had to deal with one of you pests in nearly
a century!"

Your mind whirls. Should you stand up and turn yourself in? What happened a
century ago? What will she do with you?

***

"No matter," she continues. "I'll do with you what I did to the last one. Off
to the dungeon with you." With a swing of your arms, she scoops up the entire
box you are in and walks away, ponderous thooms marking each step.

The box is rotating and shaking under her arm, and the smell of her armpit is
overwhelming. You cannot stand to focus through the crack in the box. You are
jostled and jerked and then, suddenly -- quicker than you expected -- are
deposited somewhere.

***
